When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When we want to have copy of local repository, we can use remote repositiory ( pushing changes from local to remote) 
    and we can access the local repo from anywhere.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because  in remote repository changes can be added which may not be necessary to us.Since remote repository is having public access,any one can add feature, so we can check commit history in remote repo and can manually give pull requests when we need the changes .

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks - is used to have a copy of github(others) repository in github directly from github without making any local copies of repository.
    Clones- is used to have clone/copy the files from remote to local or between locals
    Branch - is used to add new experimental/unique features to repository by creating them in a manner such that they vary after a commit which can be later merged 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    We can do our work from the place where the remote copy had been left with all changes incorporated instead of having a old file(not updated version).

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    By sending the codes through mail and exchange the info about changes to the collaborators.But it is a diffult job to do it every time.So without Git or Github work becomes hard.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When we want to add a different feature we create a branch and add it . When error happens we can checkout to master branch and do it again starting from error free code.Without creating branch it becomes a little bit clumpsy.
    Benefits:
    branch- helps in developing when there are errors by checking out to previous versions
    master- all changes are made directly in master branch(careful in making changes) so need of merging of branches.

